[3.7] docs(calendar, daterangepicker): size and orientation documentation (#1188)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/calendar/overview.md

The Calendar generates events that you can handle and further customize ist behavior. [Read more about the Blazor Calendar events...]({%slug components/calendar/events%}).

## Calendar Parameters

The Blazor Calendar provides various parameters that allow you to configure the component. Also check the [Calendar's public API](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikCalendar).

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

| Attribute | Type and Default Value | Description |
|----------|----------|----------|

> | `BottomView` | ` CalendarView` <br/> `CalendarView.Month` | The bottommost view in the Calendar to which the user can navigate to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BottomView` | `CalendarView` enum <br/> `Month` | The most detailed view of the Calendar to which the user can navigate to. |
```

> | `Date` | `DateTime` | The date to which the user has navigated the Calendar. Supports two-way binding. |

Reviewer: "the user has navigated" - not necessarily. The developer has control over this too. We could explain the parameter in another way - for example, this is the date that will certainly belong to the current view?

> | `DisabledDates` | `List<DateTime>` | A list of dates that cannot be selected as the start or end of the range, see the <a href="https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/calendar/disabled-dates" target="_blank">Live Demo: Calendar - Disabled Dates</a>. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DisabledDates` | `List<DateTime>` | A list of dates that cannot be selected as the start or end of the range. See the <a href="https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/calendar/disabled-dates" target="_blank">Live Demo: Calendar - Disabled Dates</a>. |
```

| `Max` | `DateTime` | The latest date that the user can select. |
| `Min` | `DateTime` | The earliest date that the user can select. |

> | `Orientation` | `CalendarOrientation` <br/> (`CalendarOrientation.Horizontal`) | The orientation of the Calendar. The available options are `Horizontal` and `Vertical`. Applicable when [more than one view]({%slug components/calendar/multiview%}) is used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Orientation` | `CalendarOrientation` enum <br /> (`Horizontal`) | The orientation of the Calendar. The available options are `Horizontal` and `Vertical`. Applicable when using [more than one view]({%slug components/calendar/multiview%}). |
```

| `RangeStart` | `DateTime` | The selected start date when [range selection]({%slug components/calendar/selection%}#range-selection-mode) is enabled. Supports two-way binding. |
| `RangeEnd` | `DateTime` | The selected end date when [range selection]({%slug components/calendar/selection%}#range-selection-mode) is enabled. Supports two-way binding. |
| `SelectedDates` | `List<DateTime>` | The selected dates when [multiple selection]({%slug components/calendar/selection%}#multiple-selection-mode) is used. |

> | `SelectionMode` | `CalendarSelectionMode` <br/> (`CalendarSelectionMode.Single`) | The [selection mode]({%slug components/calendar/selection%}) of the calendar. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SelectionMode` | `CalendarSelectionMode` enum <br /> (`Single`) | The [selection mode]({%slug components/calendar/selection%}) of the calendar. |
```

| `Value` | `DateTime` or `DateTime?` | The current value of the component when [single selection]({%slug components/calendar/selection%}#single-selection-mode) is used. Supports two-way binding. |

> | `View` | ` CalendarView` | The current view that will be displayed in the Calendar. Supports two-way binding. |

Reviewer: default value?

| `Views` | ` int` <br/> (`1`) | The [number of views]({%slug components/calendar/multiview%}) that will be rendered to each other. |

> | `TopView` | ` CalendarView` <br/> (`CalendarView.Century`) | The topmost view of the Calendar to which the user can navigate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TopView` | ` CalendarView` enum <br /> (`Century`) | The topmost view of the Calendar to which the user can navigate. |
```
